[Music]
welcome 2/4 in this video we're gonna
run through Friday the 13th part 3 which
is in 3d so you know we're gonna have
some [ __ ] flying ass let's get to it we
start with some real jazz and title
music and then open on a mom-and-pop C
store slash residence through some
expositional details we discover this
installment takes place the same evening
as the end of the prior movie we come to
learn a bit about this crunchy shop keep
as he goes about his business to start
he'll put about anything in his mouth
and that's about it when he tries to
lock up his partner-in-crime he sees
there's been a snake in the rabbit cage
this appears to literally scare the crap
out of him as he runs to the toilet now
I've just about had all I can take when
he whips out a bottle of whiskey to
drink while squatting and it brings me
to wonder if he just has life fully
figured out I know he's alerts him and
he searches out its source he touches
his mouth without washing his hands
which I suppose doesn't matter since he
never wipes and then he gets his sternum
split lengthwise his wife goes to give
him the spot and ends up with the sewing
needle to the back of the neck and with
that we get to meet our group of victims
on their way to a relaxing weekend at
the lake with Chris who's returning to
her family estate for the first time
after an unknown trauma from years ago
when a police officer appears behind
them they have a moment of panic and are
forced to eat their stash luckily it
turns out the officer was just going to
a crime scene the convenience store from
last night where the bodies of the
victims are being hauled out while
driving they have to stop quickly
it's a damn dude in the road aren't you
watching with Ralph's dead they need a
new crazy drifter to warn the teens
unlike Ralph's this guy's not all talk
as he shares with them his pet eyeball
as they drive in we see in in flannel
man watching through a window as some
men do Chris enters the house cautiously
and we come to find out it's just Rick a
friend of the family happy to see Chris
return and be updating age they get
their things and find their rooms and
then Chris and Rick get to work flirting
over some manual labor when she gets the
upper hand Rick attempts to murder her a
scream sends them running upstairs where
Chris finds Shelly in a wardrobe
apparently having crossed mr. Tumnus
this turns out to be one of his Turkish
delights however as he succumbs to a
tickle monster attack he seems unaware
of Chris's prior trauma but then it's
likely no one expected him to play these
murderous pranks either he manages to
finagle his way into Rick's car with
Vera who's trying to get a little time
away from the drama this ultimately
doesn't work as they're accosted by a
small biker gang at the store Shirley's
nerves get the best of him when they go
to leave and he knocks over their bikes
this causes Ali to stare him down and
then start smashing glass Shelly takes
off briefly before rounding back and
partially driving over their hogs
achieving full redemption upset by the
condition of his car Ricky
Chris head out to get some air somehow
the cyclists end up at the property who
starts sucking gas foxy goes to check
out the Barney and acting as though
she's never been inside a Cracker Barrel
proceeds to touch everything Loco takes
a couple of gas cans to the barn staying
low like a black ops operative inside
Fox he's gone missing he climbs up to
the loft and finds her with a
pitchforked neck they pan down to her
feet but does it really matter with an
abundance of pitchforks available Jason
guts him and he dies slowly as the
handle of diddles our retinas Ally
finally makes it to the party gets
crossbodies by loco and then gets his
head turned into mush by Jason Rick and
Chris are having a heart-to-heart in the
woods where she reveals her big trauma
which is that she was attacked in the
woods by a strange man we recognizes
Jason she blacked out and has no idea
how she got out of it not unlike the
ending of the prior two movies back at
the cabin Shelley has figured out how to
get Veera to like him he just needs a
wetsuit and it's ride it luckily he has
these always on hand
however he misjudged the reception and
skulks off Veera is then visited by a
harpoon wielding Jason now donning the
hockey mask for the first time murder we
then find Debbie and Andy after they're
done testing the structural integrity of
the hammock she goes off for the
traditional post-coital shower while he
does the traditional post-coital
handstands which ultimately leads to
Andy getting hewn from stem to stern
Debbie discovers his fate by way of
dripping blood and then Jason shows us
what he learned from mommy by giving us
a callback killed of the first movie
back downstairs Shelley dies in quiet
desperation no one believing he's
mortally wounded Chuck gets tossed into
the power grid and then his old lady
does the discovering body's circuit
before taking a hot poker to the gut
upon their return Rick and Chris begin
to investigate going off in pursuit of
annoys Rick gets snagged by Jason who
proceeds to smoosh his head now down to
Chris she begins to find evidence that
something is up there are bloody clothes
in the bath she heads out to the barn
where things get Loco and then runs into
the house and begins a lockdown which is
thwarted by Rick
[Music]
[Applause]
Chris and Jason play a classic
cat-and-mouse game as she turns the
tables on him when she stabs him in the
quad ruining his CrossFit plans for the
week she's able to get to the van which
is now gasless thanks to the bikers that
have falls through the bridge Jason
tries to reach in but some quick
thinking traps his hands and allows
Chris enough time to run Jason finds the
strength to break free wheelers he's
earned a place at the table and
continues his pursuit they have a final
showdown in the barn where Chris manages
to hang him but he's able to unbreak his
neck and pull himself up revealing that
he's the weirdo she's been afraid of the
whole time as if the incident in the
woods were worse than the murder spree
polly has a second wind the only
positive result of which was Chris
building up the courage to place an axe
in Jason's face and then after another
night on the lake and an ambiguous dream
sequence were out and that was the third
in the series which is starting to take
a familiar form now that Jason has the
mass and the formulaic nature of the
movies is starting to kick in but we'll
have some formula busters soon enough so
check back I hope you enjoy the video
thanks for watching
[Music]